Af
(Rhodesia) African to a white Rhodesian (Rhodie).
Ape
(US) a black person.
Béni-oui-oui
Mostly used during the French colonization of Algeria as a term for Algerian Muslims.
Bluegum
an African American perceived as being lazy and who refuses to work.
Boogie
a black person (film noir); "The boogies lowered the boom on Beaver Canal."
Buck
a black person or Native American.
Burrhead / Burr-head / Burr head
(US) a black person, in reference to Afro-textured hair.
Bushy (s.) / Bushies, Amadushie (p.)
(South Africa) Khoisans. Historically used against the Khoisan people in Southern Africa, referring to their nomadic lifestyle and reliance on the bush for survival.
Colored
(US) a black person. Once generally accepted as inoffensive, this word is now considered disrespectful by some. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) continues to use its full name unapologetically. This is not to be confused with the term "person of color" which is the preferred term for collectively referring to all non-white people.
Cotton picker
(US) Individuals of Black African descent.
Coon
(US and UK) originally used by Europeans/white people as a pejorative term for a black person. Possibly from Portuguese barracos, a building constructed to hold slaves for sale (1837). The term (though still also used in its original sense) is commonly used today by African or Black Americans towards members of the same race who are perceived to pander/kowtow to white people; to be a 'sellout'; to hate themselves; or to "colludwith racism for personal gain." It is often used against black conservatives or Republicans (similar to Uncle Tom and coconut). Also used to slur Cape Coloureds or Coloureds in South Africa. The association of the term "coon" with the coloured group expresses ambivalent feelings about their mixed-race ancestral background, and signifies self-depreciation, subordination, and marginalization of the underprivileged.
Crow
(US) a black person.
Eggplant
(US) A black person. Notable for appearing in the 1979 film, The Jerk and the 1993 film True Romance.
Fuzzies
(Commonwealth) A black person. Notable for appearing in the 1964 film, Zulu.
Fuzzy-Wuzzy
(Commonwealth) A Hadendoa Beja. The term is a reference to the distinctive dirwa hairstyle used by many Beja men.
Gam, Gammat
(South Africa) Used to refer to Cape Coloureds or Coloureds. It means "a person who is low or of inferior status" in Afrikaans.
Golliwogg
(Commonwealth) a dark-skinned person, named after Florence Kate Upton's children's book character.
Hapsi / Habsi
(Nepal), a term used for black person from Africa.
Houtkop
(South Africa) a black person and a Cape Coloured or coloured native. The term translates literally to "wooden head" in Afrikaans.
Jigaboo / jiggabo, jijjiboo, zigabo / jig, jigg, jiggy, jigga
(US and UK) a black person (JB) with stereotypical black features. (dark skin, wide nose, etc.) Refer to mannerisms that resemble dancing.
Jim Crow
(US) a black person; also the name for the segregation laws prevalent in much of the United States until the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s.
Jim Fish
(South Africa) a black person.
Jungle bunny
(US and UK) a black person.
Kaffir, kaffer, kafir, kaffre
(South Africa) a black person. Considered very offensive.
Macaca, macaque
a person of black African descent, originally used in languages of colonial powers in Africa. Same as "macaque".
Mammy
Domestic servant of black African descent, generally good-natured, often overweight, and loud.
Makwerekwere, Kwerekwere
(South Africa) Used against foreigners, usually black migrants or refugees in South Africa.
Monkey
a person of black African descent. See also Macaca (slur). It also gave rise to the racist "monkey chants" in sports.
Mosshead
a black person.
Munt
(South Africa, Zimbabwe, and Zambia) a term, used among white people, for a black person. The term derives from muntu, the singular of Bantu.
Nig-nog
(US and UK) a black person.
Nigger / niggar / niggur, niger / nigor / nigre (Caribbean) / nigar, nigga / niggah / nig / nigguh
(International) a black person. From the word negro, which means the color black in numerous languages. Diminutive appellations include Nigg and Nigz. Over time, the terms nigga and niggaz (plural) have come to be frequently used between some African or black diaspora without the negative associations of nigger. Considered very offensive and typically censored as "the n-word" even in reference to its use. The terms niggress, negress, and nigette are feminized formulations of the term.
Niglet / nigglet
a black child.
Nigra / negra / niggra / nigrah / nigruh
(US) a black person, first used in the early 1900s.
Pickaninny
generally refers to black children, or a caricature of them which is widely considered racist.
Porch monkey
a black person.
Powder burn
a black person.
Quashie
a black person.
Sambo
(US) an African American, black, Indigenous American, a mixed race person, or sometimes a South Asian person.
Smoked Irishman
(US) 19th century term for black people.
Sooty
a term for a black person, originated in the U.S. in the 1950s.
Spade
a term for a black person, first recorded in 1928, from the playing cards suit.
Spook
a black person.
Tar baby
(US) a black person, especially a child.
Tea bag
(South Africa) black or Coloured or Cape Coloured individuals who have a light skin
Teapot
A black person, derived in 19th century.
Thicklips, bootlips
a black person.
Yellow bone
(US) a light-skin black person